01 - Architecture.

I did consider using some php on the back-end, but since
the site is relatively small and a single-page application
I've decided to build it all using front-end tech - HTML5,
CSS3/SASS and JavaScript/jQuery.

This document will describe the layout of the assets that
make up the website.


The www directory.

The www directory is where all of the site source files
and assets are kept. Essentially, in order to get the
site onto a hosting service we transfer all of the files
from the www directly on to the hosting platform, the
site should work perfectly right off-the-shelf if imported
in this manner.

The www directory is divided into the following:


    app/
    config/
    content/
    css/
    images
    plugins/
    scss/
    index.html


app/

The app/ directory contains JavaScript modules used to
implement things like navigation, yu shouldn't really
have to touch these files although they are well
commented.

they're mostly self-contained modules that manage the
front-end UI, navigation, etc.


config/

The config/ directory contains some JavaScript files
where you can configure things like the navigation menu
animations, etc. You can edit these files, they're mostly
just OPTION = value type assignments and the files are
heavily commented explaining what each option is for.


content/

The content/ directory is where the main site text is
kept. I decided that I'd rather keep this seaparate from
the code so that it's easier for you to edit and maintain.

The content/ files are loaded automatically and rendered
on-screen when the site is loaded, this helps keep the
source code and html clean.

These are just .html files with some very basic HTML
markup. Very easy to edit if you need to change the 
content.


css/ and scss/

The css/ and scss/ directories. You needn't worry about
these. Any configuration to the design and style of the
page can be done via the config/ scripts. All you need
to know is that the scss files are compiled into a single
css file which is then included in your site. This just
allows me to produce better css for your site, it'll load
faster.


images/

Naturaly, the images/ directory contains all of the sites
image assets.


plugins/

The plugins/ directory contains a couple of JavaScript
plugins (jQuery, etc) used to create the front-end
navigation animations.


index.html

Lastly, the index.html file is the main entry point for
the site, it's the page that users will land on when theyy
visit your page.

Section 02-Layout.txt will describe the index.html file
in more detail and talk you through the wireframe design
and layour of the page.

